document merge options (#349)
ConsenSys/doc.teku: docs/Reference/CLI/CLI-Syntax.md

Path to the validator client data. The default is `<data-base-path>/validator` where `<data-base-path>`
is specified using [`--data-base-path`](#data-base-path-data-path).

### ee-endpoint

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    --ee-endpoint=<URL>
    ```

=== "Example"

    ```bash
    --ee-endpoint=http://localhost:8545
    ```

=== "Environment variable"

    ```bash

>     TEKU_EE_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:8545

Reviewer: I think the JSON-RPC port for the engine APIs differs to the default 8545, perhaps we should therefore use a different port here. Perhaps check what the ports are used in Besu for the `--engine...` CLI options.

Reviewer: Or maybe I'm missunderstanding

Author: fixed

    ```

=== "Configuration file"

    ```bash
    ee-endpoint: "http://localhost:8545"
    ```

> JSON-RPC URL of the execution engine node.

Reviewer: Or perhaps something similar to, "URL of the execution client's Engine JSON RPC APIs."

Not sure about my wording here, but we should somehow draw a distinction between the standard Ethereum APIs and the Engine ones used by the consensus layer.

Author: fixed

      }
    }
    ```

### validators-proposer-config-refresh-enabled

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    --validators-proposer-config-refresh-enabled[=<BOOLEAN>]
    ```

=== "Example"

    ```bash
    --validators-proposer-config-refresh-enabled=true
    ```

=== "Environment variable"

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_PROPOSER_CONFIG_REFRESH_ENABLED=true
    ```

=== "Configuration file"

    ```bash
    validators-proposer-config-refresh-enabled: true
    ```

Set to `true` to enable reloading the [proposer configuration](#validators-proposer-config) on every proposer
preparation (once per epoch).
The default is `false`.

### validators-proposer-default-fee-recipient

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    --validators-proposer-default-fee-recipient=<ADDRESS>
    ```

=== "Example"

    ```bash
    --validators-proposer-default-fee-recipient=0xfe3b557e8fb62b89f4916b721be55ceb828dbd73
    ```

=== "Environment variable"

    ```bash
    TEKU_VALIDATORS_PROPOSER_DEFAULT_FEE_RECIPIENT=0xfe3b557e8fb62b89f4916b721be55ceb828dbd73
    ```

=== "Configuration file"

    ```bash
    validators-proposer-default-fee-recipient: "0xfe3b557e8fb62b89f4916b721be55ceb828dbd73"
    ```

> Default fee recipient used if `fee_recipient` isn't specified in the
> [default proposer configuration](#validators-proposer-config), when producing a new execution block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running a validator, this is an alternative to the [default proposer configuration](#validators-proposer-config) to specify a single fee recipient for all validator keys. 

When running a beacon node serving APIs to other validator clients, it is strongly suggested to use this parameter to specify fee recipient that will be used in rare cases when a validator client requests a block production but its fee recipient is still unknown for the beacon node.
```

This is a bit complicated and feel free to rephrase to make it more comprehensible

`METRICS` is enabled, attestation and block performance is reported using [metrics] in the
[`VALIDATOR_PERFORMANCE`](#metrics-categories) metrics category.

> ### validators-proposer-config

Reviewer 2: I think we should provide information about the json format.
the format is reported here:
https://github.com/ConsenSys/teku/pull/4894
